Taken from bobrosslipsum.com. That's what makes life fun. That you can make these decisions. That you can create the world that you want. Now we'll take the almighty fan brush. Let's get crazy. Everyone wants to enjoy the good parts - but you have to build the framework first. And I will hypnotize that just a little bit. A little happy sunlight shining through there.

Just relax and let it flow. That easy. Maybe we got a few little happy bushes here, just covered with snow. But we're not there yet, so we don't need to worry about it. We have a fantastic little sky! Don't be afraid to make these big decisions. Once you start, they sort of just make themselves.

There isn't a rule. You just practice and find out which way works best for you. This is unplanned it really just happens. This painting comes right out of your heart. I thought today we would make a happy little stream that's just running through the woods here. Just go back and put one little more happy tree in there. We can fix anything.

Absolutely no pressure. You are just a whisper floating across a mountain. Little short strokes. Maybe there's a happy little waterfall happening over here. Get tough with it, get strong.

Use what happens naturally, don't fight it. Decide where your cloud lives. Maybe he lives right in here. If you've been in Alaska less than a year you're a Cheechako. It's a super day, so why not make a beautiful sky? How do you make a round circle with a square knife? That's your challenge for the day. I really believe that if you practice enough you could paint the 'Mona Lisa' with a two-inch brush.

If there's two big trees invariably sooner or later there's gonna be a little tree. It's almost like something out of a fairytale book. Without washing the brush, I'm gonna go right into some Van Dyke Brown, some Burnt Umber, and a little bit of Sap Green. This is the fun part The more we do this - the more it will do good things to our heart.

There are no mistakes. You can fix anything that happens. Even the worst thing we can do here is good. I started painting as a hobby when I was little. I didn't know I had any talent. I believe talent is just a pursued interest. Anybody can do what I do.

Volunteering your time; it pays you and your whole community fantastic dividends. You can spend all day playing with mountains. Don't hurry. Take your time and enjoy. Nice little fluffy clouds laying around in the sky being lazy. Paint anything you want on the canvas. Create your own world.

That's what painting is all about. It should make you feel good when you paint. It's amazing what you can do with a little love in your heart. Maybe, just to play a little, we'll put a little tree here.

I want everybody to be happy. That's what it's all about. You can do anything here - the only pre-requisite is that it makes you happy. You are only limited by your imagination. Let your heart take you to wherever you want to be. Let's make a nice big leafy tree.

We're not trying to teach you a thing to copy. We're just here to teach you a technique, then let you loose into the world. You got your heavy coat out yet? It's getting colder. Put your feelings into it, your heart, it's your world. That's why I paint - because I can create the kind of world I want - and I can make this world as happy as I want it.

We'll paint one happy little tree right here. Mix your color marbly don't mix it dead. Use your imagination, let it go. Have fun with it. From all of us here, I want to wish you happy painting and God bless, my friends. No worries. No cares. Just float and wait for the wind to blow you around.

We can always carry this a step further. There's really no end to this. In painting, you have unlimited power. You have the ability to move mountains. I will take some magic white, and a little bit of Vandyke brown and a little touch of yellow. Exercising the imagination, experimenting with talents, being creative; these things, to me, are truly the windows to your soul. You can bend rivers. But when I get home, the only thing I have power over is the garbage.

And maybe, maybe, maybe... We need a shadow side and a highlight side. You don't have to be crazy to do this but it does help. See there how easy that is.

You have freedom here. The only guide is your heart. Isn't that fantastic? With something so strong, a little bit can go a long way. You can't have light without dark. You can't know happiness unless you've known sorrow. Let's put some happy trees and bushes back in here. If you hypnotize it, it will go away.

By now you should be quite happy about what's happening here. Let that brush dance around there and play. This is your world. See there, told you that would be easy. This is a happy place, little squirrels live here and play.

This is gonna be a happy little seascape. Isn't that fantastic? You can just push a little tree out of your brush like that. And I know you're saying, 'Oh Bob, you've done it this time.' And you may be right. Let your imagination just wonder around when you're doing these things. Let's do that again.

Now then, let's play. Almost everything is going to happen for you automatically - you don't have to spend any time working or worrying. I spend a lot of time walking around in the woods and talking to trees, and squirrels, and little rabbits and stuff.

When you do it your way you can go anywhere you choose. Nice little clouds playing around in the sky. Maybe there's a happy little bush that lives right there.

If you don't like it - change it. It's your world. Remember how free clouds are. They just lay around in the sky all day long. Talent is a pursued interest. That is to say, anything you practice you can do.
